CASMNET-1805 | network upgrades for CANU specific things main (#2259)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/README.md

> See [CSM Automatic Network Utility (CANU)](canu/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [CSM Automatic Network Utility (CANU)](canu/README.md).
```

The Symptom statement describes what a user might experience if this is seen on the network. The Scenario statement provides additional environment details and trigger summaries. When available, the Workaround statement provides a workaround to the issue.

> > Known and fixed issue can be found from CANU release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Known and fixed issue are listed in the CANU release notes.
```

> [CANU releases](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [CANU releases](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu/releases).
```
